Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on.
Nadine Quintana: I want to talk to you about something before group because
Nadine Quintana: Tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nadine Quintana: I mean, there wasn't an incident that they were I'm
Nadine Quintana: I'm my son. He
Nadine Quintana: He like just, I don't know what happened to him, or why he got so angry, the way he did and
Nadine Quintana: He ended up getting hurt by accident. So I had to take him to the hospital and he got very angry at the hospital and he threaten me and the doctors sent him to go get evaluated. Okay.
Nadine Quintana: And
Nadine Quintana: So I've been dealing with
Gwenevere Abriel: This is your older son obviously not your little one.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, go ahead.
Nadine Quintana: And am I trying to get myself together like a garden. The show we're trying to get ready. And I just
Nadine Quintana: I just can't.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's go at what what this is saying about you, you, it's got
Gwenevere Abriel: Some meaning for you about what just happened. Let's take each piece and see what how it's impacting you. So is it, is it the first part.
Gwenevere Abriel: First of all, is he okay
Nadine Quintana: Yes, he's okay. I talked to him every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so physically he's okay and then you're talking to him, each day. And so how about on that emotional level, how's he doing
Nadine Quintana: He just wanted to confirm and he's the doctors told me he's full of regret that us
Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: And he just wants to come home.
Gwenevere Abriel: And is he in a psychiatric a three day psychiatric hold
Nadine Quintana: From yes but they said that they don't know how long he would be there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when was He admitted which day
Nadine Quintana: It was Saturday.
Nadine Quintana: Saturday I just past
Gwenevere Abriel: Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So where is he so I get a sense of what
Facilities.
Nadine Quintana: He's been last process, which is like four or five hours from here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the name of the facility.
Nadine Quintana: It's, um,
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, I can't pronounce the first
Nadine Quintana: Name is
Nadine Quintana: MY CO that we think that's what it's called.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's okay. So it is just for substance abuse or for mental health treatment.
Nadine Quintana: It's just for for mental health treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this was a court.
Gwenevere Abriel: Order that he stayed there.
Nadine Quintana: No, it was just because how he, he was like making threats and stuff at the hospital. The doctors at the hospital are the ones
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. What was the threat.
Nadine Quintana: Here we got really angry with me. And then he tells me on me. He was gonna kill me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me hear what he said.
Nadine Quintana: Because I was talking to him and I just told them like you know one dress. You just need to be. It's going to be okay. And I tried to be come with him and stuff, but he just tells me
Nadine Quintana: They just been me the fuck alone, he tells me, and he went to likes bit on me and you like just be me the fuck alone, or I'm gonna fucking kill you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the threat right there. Okay. Okay. And it got heard overheard by nursing staff and by by police.
Nadine Quintana: Know, just by the nursing staff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so they're trying to you know they have a duty to protect you and make sure he doesn't do something impulsive.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't know whether he's impaired substance use, they don't know what's going. They don't know family dynamics. They have no idea. So they're just trying to make sure everybody's safe.
Nadine Quintana: Yes.
Nadine Quintana: Okay, I know. It's for his own good, like
Nadine Quintana: Like when I talked to him. You know, I tell him. If there's anything you know like that. I did wrong or, you know, your dad did wrong, but don't be afraid they do, you know, open up to them. I take advantage of this help that you're getting, you know, and
Nadine Quintana: And you know, I just try to on showing them that I'm going to be there for him. It's no matter what he says, no matter what you
Nadine Quintana: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get into a little bit about what
Gwenevere Abriel: What's upsetting. Let me hear a little bit about what this means to you that your son is is in a car treatment. What does it
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean to You.
Nadine Quintana: Well, I mean, to me, it's a good thing.
Nadine Quintana: I
Nadine Quintana: Think a part of me is like, glad that he's there, you know,
Nadine Quintana: But then there's a part of me that just
Nadine Quintana: Wanted to confirm
Gwenevere Abriel: It. That's a solution. So what's the other thought, I'm glad he's there and he's getting, is that right treatment.
Nadine Quintana: The treatment. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and
Nadine Quintana: We can remember
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the opposite thought of. I'm glad he's there was the opposite thought
Nadine Quintana: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so your tears are saying something they have, they have a message that's the other side. I'm glad he's there at the tears, they, they have a message to
Gwenevere Abriel: So what did the teacher saying
Nadine Quintana: miss him and then
Nadine Quintana: Thanks for having me. I don't know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, now when you just take day talking with him every day. Do you get a sense that he is being honest with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in your imagination. What's the fear, how can he get sort of hurt. What are you scared will happen. What's the fear.
Nadine Quintana: I'm just, I'm
Nadine Quintana: Like okay, we're being alone. That's what I'm
Nadine Quintana: Worried about
Nadine Quintana: And then he's so far away from me that
Nadine Quintana: It's not like she's just a in the next city over and you know he's
Nadine Quintana: He's pretty far from me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever had been this far away from you before.
Gwenevere Abriel: Number. Oh wow, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is just all very strange and different
Nadine Quintana: I'm going to have to have to send them off and he was going on a plane here to take a plane over there.
Nadine Quintana: And then he had never been on a plane and then they were your boat lake is exciting.
Nadine Quintana: You know if he would be okay being you know he was by himself. He was a he was a people, but he was his family, you know,
Nadine Quintana: Just seen him go by himself like that was
Nadine Quintana: Me.
Nadine Quintana: And I'm trying to stay strong very late. Don't cry when I talk to my child has shown that I'm okay. And that He'll be okay, too, because I tried to put on a strong base for him so
Nadine Quintana: It could help him but
Nadine Quintana: It just, it kills me. I haven't slept.
Gwenevere Abriel: I see.
Nadine Quintana: Just so we can. I'm trying to
Nadine Quintana: Put myself together and I'm trying to, you know, go on with the day and try to make, you know, try to do what i would i would normally, normally do, but it's
Nadine Quintana: So hard like I'm just
Nadine Quintana: So tired.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you haven't slept. So is that what you're talking about with the week or you literally can be fine.
Nadine Quintana: No, I'm just, I have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. I got you so
Gwenevere Abriel: Now when you spoke with him. Did you speak with him already today.
Nadine Quintana: No, not today.
Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: So needy and this might be a chance for you to check out these brand new.
Gwenevere Abriel: Observation never seen your son walk away onto a plane. You've never had this you've never been away from him like this is all new, new, new, new, new and it just got really intense.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know these feelings will have and know they're going to pass, but this could be an opportunity for you to connect with your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're on the phone with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it you want to check out an assumption about you have some stories in your head about worried about his anxiety and if he's scared if he's alone. Remember, you're putting yourself out there sort of in the imagination of what he's going through a new
Gwenevere Abriel: Study you
Gwenevere Abriel: What can you say to your son to check out your assumptions and grounded in data and not your imagination. What can you say to them.
Nadine Quintana: And I found myself like I know he's okay. Like, I know.
Nadine Quintana: I know he's not going to get her. I know if anything happens to him if he gets anxiety or he gets something I know that they're going to be there for him to to help him they cute, he won't be alone. You know, and
Nadine Quintana: Then I know that I
Nadine Quintana: I know this is what he needs. I
Nadine Quintana: Know like I know he's, he has other kids there.
Nadine Quintana: You know i i know that he's not
Nadine Quintana: In a room by himself, where he's just there thinking, like, I know he has like a little roommates that he stayed with him and
Nadine Quintana: I know. He'll be okay. Okay, I know he will. It's just it
Nadine Quintana: Just hurts me to see him.
Nadine Quintana: Because I'm not used to him being
Gwenevere Abriel: So what if
Gwenevere Abriel: So again,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you say to your son when you spoke with when you speak with Andreas, what do you really want to say to him.
Nadine Quintana: Well, I just tell him you might get it.
Nadine Quintana: Well, I usually tell me everything that's that's on my mind. You know I tamely they. This is, you know,
Nadine Quintana: They take this as an opportunity, a good one. Make you know take advantage of everything they have their, you know, like, I'll always be here for you. I'm not leaving you. I'm not going nowhere. You know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe if you were turned around the other way.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Right He's busy 17 how old
Nadine Quintana: Is going to be 17
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's logical take advantage of the software everybody's already talking to him like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice that that's not the space that this is this is you hurting. Why are you thinking that you wouldn't share him with with him. What, what you're going through. Why do you think that's misplaced. The I miss you. Why wouldn't you tell them, like in a big way.
Nadine Quintana: Oh, I do. I tell them I tell him you know that I
Nadine Quintana: That I do that, you know,
Nadine Quintana: I told him how you know this help this topic has made me feel
Nadine Quintana: It just, it made me, you know,
Nadine Quintana: It hurt me the way that he he talked to me.
Nadine Quintana: Three told him that, you know,
Nadine Quintana: I'm so excited when I can be
Nadine Quintana: Okay, the brain doesn't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very well. So we're going to get. We're going to get over to
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling better, we're going to get there, but I want to just make sure that all if there's any kind of irrational kind of thinking going on. I want to just just clean it. Okay, so if there's any said so just stick with that this whole thing has made me feel hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what does he say back to that.
Nadine Quintana: You just saying, I know, Mom. I know he's handsome. He's sorry
Nadine Quintana: He just has me know that he misses mean that he loves me and he just want wishes he could be here with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does he truly what I know that you miss him and his literally not being near you is very distressing.
Gwenevere Abriel: He knows
Nadine Quintana: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So no matter what he knows he's missed
Gwenevere Abriel: And he's wanted. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And isn't that what you would want
Gwenevere Abriel: Also
Gwenevere Abriel: If something like
Gwenevere Abriel: This, you would have a chance to work through something, and at the same time be wanted loved and missed
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, both
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that you need to do to take care of yourself while he is taking care of himself. What do you need to be doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we're back. So what I'd asked you was what what you needed to do to take care of yourself in order
Gwenevere Abriel: To kind of continue to write this
Nadine Quintana: Was gonna say like
Nadine Quintana: I need to take care of, like, my house. So I could be there for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So who so
Gwenevere Abriel: This notion of disrupted sleep. I want to understand more about I worried. Notice I worry about his anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know anything about all the races anxiety. What are you talking
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you worry about his anxiety anxiety knows how to take care of itself. What, what are you worried about
Nadine Quintana: Because he gets like I don't know. He gets a panicked and he
Nadine Quintana: I don't know. He just a cute puppy gets panicked and feels like he can't breathe it and he and I know actually I know that feeling that he makes it you know so
Nadine Quintana: And determine a normal day healthy. Okay, I know he will
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you teach him about some of the practices that you do that you've learned here about breathing and grounding yourself, did you teach them those things when he panics.
Nadine Quintana: Well, I just tell him like, you know, I just tell me breathe. Just breathe, you know,
Nadine Quintana: Calm down, like when he has had a panic attack in the past.
Nadine Quintana: You know, which is a which is Tom. They just read unless they, you know, do you know you're going to be okay. Or, you know, and just talk to him a girl calm and just try to get him to
Nadine Quintana: To, you know, come down and get his breathing, right, like I've never really taught him like you know anything about the box breathing or
Nadine Quintana: You know, try to get his mind focused on like
Nadine Quintana: What I told him I told him by faith to try to get his mind focused on something else like I've told him stuff without
Gwenevere Abriel: Work is he
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it
Nadine Quintana: Eventually, he, he, you know, he comes, you know, he starts to be okay and so
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what his panic thought is, do you know the thought that goes with the body's heart rate and short breath. Do you know what he's thinking about
Nadine Quintana: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: he think he knows what his panic is over.
Nadine Quintana: I don't know.
Nadine Quintana: To be honest with you when I I've never even thought to ask him.
Nadine Quintana: And I, and I should have, you know, for
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of more about the should maybe I think
Gwenevere Abriel: I think there's some still some areas. It's my impression. Anyway, that there's still some areas of your on psyche that you haven't asked yourself. And so if you can't ask yourself, how can you ask your son.
Nadine Quintana: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: There might be some things going on there that make it sort of just doesn't come to mind to say what's going on inside and
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think about that this thought maybe makes the heart race, but this one doesn't. Or maybe it's a memory or maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe he doesn't remember what it was. He doesn't have
Gwenevere Abriel: That trigger is what was the sight, smell sound and he doesn't even know
Gwenevere Abriel: And he can figure that out. Right. But some professional help. They can ask those questions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now just curious just sort of those big pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that it that he experiences.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there a specific onset of that from an event that you remember like maybe after the break in or something. And there was a kind of a timeline, where it started.
Nadine Quintana: I think I kind of have like
Nadine Quintana: An idea and I and I let the doctors know I've been keeping in contact with them.
Nadine Quintana: But I noticed that on dressed like he was, he had a real good relationship with his dad.
Nadine Quintana: Thank you. Minutes that was really, really close and undress was like a whole different you know
Nadine Quintana: Kid, you know, and like his dad ended up going to prison, and then he was really close with my dad and then my dad passed away and then I'm
Nadine Quintana: He's got close to my brother, but then my brother went to the state police academy and then he started his own life. And I don't know, I think part of
Nadine Quintana: Interest.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nadine Quintana: Thank you. What's up this wall, and he he's angry because of maybe it's a case PROTECTING HIMSELF of, you know, getting abandoned or because he tells me things. I call you weren't there for me. You were never there for me. And I know he knows I was there for him but
Nadine Quintana: I think maybe that's
Nadine Quintana: A way of him.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, protecting himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that sounds right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you're, you're that therapist. Right. You're the one that this, this, he's acting out with you what he can't say to a man a trusted man. He can't do it because they keep believing him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so he acts out his anger and resentment towards you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're right. Don't you think you're onto something.
Nadine Quintana: Here.
Nadine Quintana: I know you know I get the doctors to know that and I let them know all of that, you know, maybe they could them.
Nadine Quintana: Somehow, pull it out of him and see that's
Nadine Quintana: That's the reason
Nadine Quintana: But
Nadine Quintana: Another reason to I had wanted to talk to us because I don't
Nadine Quintana: I don't really feel like I'm
Nadine Quintana: saying anything in front of group right now.
Nadine Quintana: And then I was going to let you know that if the doctors call me because the doctors are supposed to call me today in that we know
Nadine Quintana: What's going on today in and stuck in
Nadine Quintana: You know, if I'm on group and then I just happen to leave. It's because they ended up calling me or something, you know,
Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: And I mean I'm
Nadine Quintana: I'm just not ready to talk about it.
Nadine Quintana: In front of group right no
Gwenevere Abriel: Course, I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all the above just just fine on if you decide to just sort of sit there and listen. That's fine. If you say, I'm just going to pass on this. I think the doc would understand
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll let her know that you get with me today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think this is all good. I think you reached out for support. I think you have some awareness that the intensity
Gwenevere Abriel: Is at least in part a small part due to lack of sleep, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But while we're here,
Gwenevere Abriel: What about your own
Gwenevere Abriel: Abandonment though. What about your own. How does it parallel maybe what's your
Nadine Quintana: I know for
Nadine Quintana: I don't know for like a while they're like I felt abandoned and my husband and I held a lot of regret and
Nadine Quintana: hatred towards him.
Nadine Quintana: Because I felt like he liked me and the kids and I know if it wasn't his intentions to work.
Nadine Quintana: For a big for a long, long time. I felt like that too late and I just hated him.
Nadine Quintana: At that point,
Nadine Quintana: For the longest time I just, I couldn't be with him. I hated everything that she he had did I hated him for leaving us he did him for leaving me alone with the kids.
Nadine Quintana: And he was like, only you know person I felt like I really had in my life, and then
Nadine Quintana: The one person. I had my baby. I just left. You know, and it felt like he just
Nadine Quintana: Left me
Nadine Quintana: And for a long, long time. I was so mad with terminate needed him and I need to talk to me. I just wish that he would I wish all the time like I wish would just mess up. It was she would give me a reason to me, you know,
Nadine Quintana: And I was really angry and you know I had to learn how to just like forgive forgive them for
Nadine Quintana: For that, you know, when. Because if not, I was just always going to stay stuck in the past. I was always going to be angry and I was always going to be
Nadine Quintana: I was always going to have hate
Nadine Quintana: And
Nadine Quintana: Since I've done that. Like, I, I feel a lot better since
Nadine Quintana: You know with with my husband.
Nadine Quintana: I feel like now we have a better relationship we have a more open relationship. I'm able to talk to him about
Nadine Quintana: About things when when stuff are bothering me to talk to him about it and it feels like she really really good.
Nadine Quintana: But for a long time. I was angry and hurt.
Nadine Quintana: So I could get. I can see how
Nadine Quintana: See how you know
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about how you felt when your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Passed away.
Nadine Quintana: I just felt like it was
Nadine Quintana: Like fair. I felt
Nadine Quintana: First, I was like, really mad at first because I'm like, why are you here mic.
Nadine Quintana: I was just a
Nadine Quintana: You know, like my dad was my dad was a very, you know,
Nadine Quintana: How do I say it.
Nadine Quintana: He was a a main tab. But he was a girl, you know, you would just put in us and stuff but
Nadine Quintana: My dad was a really good god he was always there for us. And I just got like why him by quite a day why he had to go like for the longest time I thought like, why could it have been somebody else.
Nadine Quintana: You know, but then eventually I came to terms that you know my dad was really sick. And he was hurting, and he wasn't paying them.
Nadine Quintana: I would have rather you know
Nadine Quintana: This has happened to him and you know him going in his sleep in him going peacefully then to be in the pain that he was then having to go through dialysis and having to
Nadine Quintana: You know, just always been in pain. And so eventually I came to terms with that. But for a long time. I was just really upset.
Nadine Quintana: Because he had he had possibility.
Nadine Quintana: And to be honest with you when I don't even remember like how or when they came to terms with that and was okay with him. Passing away.
Nadine Quintana: I just knew one day, like I was just fighting. I was I was okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how am I
Gwenevere Abriel: Going
Nadine Quintana: And then I was gonna say. And then, at the time I had my husband. I was with my husband, so I knew I wasn't alone, you know,
Nadine Quintana: And but I think
Nadine Quintana: When my husband went to prison. I think everything just started hitting me at once. And I guess you could kind of say, I felt like how many be addressed girls now.
Nadine Quintana: Abandoned
Nadine Quintana: And I've been there so I could see
Nadine Quintana: Why, he gets angry and what he says the things I said
Nadine Quintana: It would see some like really really hurtful things to
Nadine Quintana: Even do I do mean them.
Nadine Quintana: I would
Nadine Quintana: Come in, has been like really hateful hateful things
Gwenevere Abriel: At its worst What's something you said
Nadine Quintana: Alright guys, so to me.
Nadine Quintana: I remember one time he he just bugged me and I told him. Oh, I hope you like choke on your food and die or I told him something
Nadine Quintana: And
Nadine Quintana: I noticed with contest. They came to me like I should just kill you. You know, like saying hurtful things like that, too.
Okay.
Nadine Quintana: I don't know.
Nadine Quintana: Oh, sorry. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you enjoy. And as you can see, you both go to anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't go to depression. You don't go to right you you both have this way of using anger to express
Gwenevere Abriel: This hardness and and right and this is unfair abandon both go to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think, back then, when your husband.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your father when they were no longer around and available to you. The way you needed them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, would have been nice if your mom had been available, maybe there would have been something you could have, let's say, said, what do you think you needed from your mom, while all of those things were going on with your husband and your dad.
Nadine Quintana: For just support like
Just
Nadine Quintana: Support mentally, you know, physically and then
Nadine Quintana: If that's even how I feel. Now, like ages.
Nadine Quintana: If I can even take your with her either
Nadine Quintana: Extreme.
Nadine Quintana: I think if I'm, if I do at least even have a little bit of support.
Nadine Quintana: You know, but I, I still have my husband, even though he can't be here physically. He has helped me
Nadine Quintana: You know this past, you know, two weeks, like really be there for me and I really, really, you know, meet up
Nadine Quintana: But like with my mom. It's like
Nadine Quintana: I, I wish for once she would just
Nadine Quintana: Be there for support, you know, no matter the circumstances, no matter how bad the situation is
Nadine Quintana: Like, just put her feelings aside, I wish she would just
Nadine Quintana: Put making it about her to the site for one to say, Okay, you know what I need to be there for them. I need to be there for my daughter so she could be there for her kids and
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to make sure this is all grounded in reality this is not made up, miss. Jeff, make believe stuff your mom literally cannot put aside her need to make a point in order to be emotionally available to you right now. She can't do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's her battle cry. What's her message to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That she has to have you understand
Nadine Quintana: For when all this happens.
Nadine Quintana: At once.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you didn't want to tell our stress try out again.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah, why didn't want to stress her out either one.
Nadine Quintana: I didn't want her to be stressed out, you know, so I told my sister. My sister was with turn. I said, you know, talk to Mom, Mom, no. You know, like, the reason why I didn't tell her is because I don't want it to be stressed out, especially being that she's out of town. She's not here. I'm
Nadine Quintana: Will I don't know if my mom called like mad, I don't know, but she's not talking to me like yesterday I text her and I told her, you know, Happy Mother's Day. I love you. She text me back, you know,
Nadine Quintana: They had made dinner and her husband, and we did a group chat with me and her and said, you know, like, I'm going to make dinner for you guys combined. He and
Nadine Quintana: All she tells him is
Nadine Quintana: Oh, thank you, baby. But she didn't even respond to me. She didn't even tell me, like, yeah, you need you need to give the kids combined company because that's usually what she would totally combine. Come, come, bring the kids and he or come grab something to eat. If you don't want to stay
Nadine Quintana: And it was like she was just ignoring me, you know, and then I'm
Nadine Quintana: Like I took the kids to go take her her presence because I had bought her some stuff for Mother's Day, and I told the kids will take it to, you know, your gremlin
Nadine Quintana: Tell her, it's from all of us, and I'm not going to get down. I said, because I don't think she wants to talk to me right now but tower. The tower. There's that gift and she didn't come out or she didn't talk to me. She did signal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's put a pin in that for just two seconds, let's back up to this other pieces didn't quite get answered, what do, what would it look like if your mom and you accepted it. But your mom actually was available to you right now. What
Gwenevere Abriel: Will she do
Nadine Quintana: If she could help make you ever surprised.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would she be doing
Nadine Quintana: You know, Tommy, like, and this is going to be fine. This is what he means.
Nadine Quintana: You know,
Nadine Quintana: Take care of yourself so you could take care of the other two kids.
Nadine Quintana: And we went on dress comes home, you're good. And you're you're. Wow. And you taking care of yourself. That's what I wish I would get from her.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it, what's the message you're receiving from her in the absence of that one truth be told what he because you're still learning something from her behavior. What message is she sending you
Nadine Quintana: To me it's I'm getting my selfish kind of message.
Nadine Quintana: Like she's putting her
Nadine Quintana: Her feelings first
Nadine Quintana: That that's how I'm taking it.
Nadine Quintana: As she's mad because I didn't tell her. Right. I know.
Nadine Quintana: That's what's going on. And she's
Nadine Quintana: She wants to hold on to. I didn't tell her, because
Nadine Quintana: I don't know. I didn't tell her so she's pissed with me excited to tell it, but it would have been a, like a lose, lose situation with her because even if I would have told her she said
Nadine Quintana: Oh, I have to deal with everything I have to deal with everybody's probably have to fix everything. And in our reality, she does it. You know, but she always seems to make it about her.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this phrase I she's gonna predictively say
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, now I know what I don't want to tell my mom because she was stressed out people sign, she'll go oh now I have to deal with everything so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what you've tried to prevent
Gwenevere Abriel: With stress you like, I don't want to have her say that somehow this is all about her. But notice it doesn't matter what you do. She still found a way to make it all about her. So all that effort to try to control didn't work. True. A true right that sort of narcissistic wound
Gwenevere Abriel: Their exquisite you know don't mean to. But, um, no amount of your efforts is going to make a difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning
Gwenevere Abriel: Adding layer upon layer upon layer of now. I won't walk in the gift. Now, you put kids in the middle, walking the gift in. Now I'm going to sing for her. There's another layer of control. It's another one to another piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are having to confront
Gwenevere Abriel: Already a very difficult thing that's going on. There's nothing wrong with you. Just saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, go, Mom. I bought these things here.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you see how you add another layer to it. There's nothing wrong with you just showing up and you doing you are saying, Hey, Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know we have a pattern. You and I
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hear you saying it all falls in your lap.
Gwenevere Abriel: I trust that the folks that Missy are taking good care of him.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to hear you say everything's going to be okay. You don't have to do that, everything. It's just that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're sure 100% sure she couldn't give that to you.
Nadine Quintana: I don't think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there some room that maybe if you said it in an honest kind of genuine way. This is how it helped would look like for me, Mom. Right. Like, I just want to hear. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You take on a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Even things no one you'll offer help and and try and problem solve, even when no one asks, and I'm not asking for you to throw money or solutions. I already have the solution long I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Want reassurance that everything is going to be okay. I've never been away from on price like this and seeing him walking to the plane was next level staff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mom, have you ever seen that before. Felt like that before.
Gwenevere Abriel: You think your mom can be present for you.
Nadine Quintana: Are part of me has always been like kind of scared to tell her, like how I Philly. And my husband tells me all the time. I just tell her, just tell her how you feel. Even if she doesn't
Nadine Quintana: Even if she argues with you, even if she sees this of the you're late. JUST TELL HER TELL HER exactly how you feel. And I just
Nadine Quintana: I get stuck or I get scared or something.
Yeah.
Nadine Quintana: Okay, I've even tried to running
Nadine Quintana: Something to her and then I just shut down and I can get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's hard to talk to someone
Gwenevere Abriel: You're afraid that you won't be seen, you won't be heard and understood. It's a very scary sinful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not you're not the same as you were yesterday and you were a year ago, five years ago. You're just not. You're not the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just you know yourself more, you know, your truth more you settled in into who you are, confidence and independence.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if you'll notice, if you do attempt again to talk with her telling her exactly what health would look like. Right. You know what mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you're trying to solve.
Gwenevere Abriel: Solve this but
Gwenevere Abriel: What I need what i'd like right now is just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just like a verbal hug and, like, just tell me, everything's gonna be okay for some reason I
Gwenevere Abriel: Really want
Gwenevere Abriel: To hear it from you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have no no I just something about it would feel good mom. Have you ever had that kind of feeling like I left. And, you know, was the first time you've ever been away from your kids or something or something. We're really struck you for the first time.
Gwenevere Abriel: ever changing now my life will never be the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you get that. Have you ever been through something like that mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know where you can kind of get at her emotions, too, and see if she could really relate to what you're going through.
Nadine Quintana: I could
Nadine Quintana: I could try
Nadine Quintana: I, I know that it won't be easy, and it might not happen today or tomorrow, but
Nadine Quintana: I mean, I, I just need to find that, like, I guess you could see courage to come out and tell her.
Gwenevere Abriel: But isn't more than more than tell her it's also asking her questions to
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it's
Fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a big conversation about
Gwenevere Abriel: You wanting to understand what this phenomenon of having everybody's problems what that's like for her.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe then she could hold and hear
Gwenevere Abriel: What you want, which is reassurance you want really something for most parents, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's
Gwenevere Abriel: Common sense and it comes naturally.
Gwenevere Abriel: To say, you may not know how it's going to be okay. But it's going to be and and that's where the scary part is we don't know how because we can't see into the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's, that's what this piece right here it is going to be okay. It's going to be okay because you're listening to your son on the phone and you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can voice. You told me he's telling you the truth, you would notice in his tone if he was in distress you would recognize it and you would take action. You might call them or whatever you do, what's your he's okay you can hear this voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, yeah, it is. It's about you, making sure that you're taking your good advice that you're giving to Andreas, which is I need to make sure I'm sleeping.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to make sure I'm not unraveling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm still a mother to my other children. I'm still a person that needs to stay healthy and sleep and eat and function.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm more than just
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, this this relationship between
Gwenevere Abriel: son and mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have the good advice.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's mechanized that and find out what you need to do today to make sure that you give yourself permission to sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: To delegate to designate organize not do something, whatever that it's going to take for you to get stable again meaning, you've got to have sleep because once I sleep goes off, then we start to unravel.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what needs to be done. I know you need to be available in the next hour or so for a call from Missy about then what
Nadine Quintana: I need to
Nadine Quintana: I'm going to, I'm going to go get me my kids, even if I have to go buy something to eat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, food.
Nadine Quintana: Yes. And then I'm going to come home and I'm just gonna
Nadine Quintana: I'm just gonna come to my room and lay down and relax and try to sleep and just try to
Nadine Quintana: To, you know, make sure the kids will be okay. I know my kids will be okay. And I just need. I just need speed needed
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it sounds like it.
Nadine Quintana: Even if it's just a few hours, even if
Gwenevere Abriel: It needing. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why the story has happened the way unfolded.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if it means that he's getting the kind of care that you didn't quite get
Gwenevere Abriel: Then, great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Love care support, we want to take in every bit of it that we can that's available to us. It's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: If he's saying I'm trusting these people at this facility that he's that that's fantastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: We want everyone we love much love and support as they can possibly get. That's a good thing. That means that you can get back centered sleep do food thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure your other kids are kind of doing all right, taking care of them. And you're going to be able to attend to them a lot better. Once you've slept. That's just a real thing. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yes, it is gonna be okay. But you know what, you get to see you get to see how
Gwenevere Abriel: Much crazy ass love there is between you and your son. There's so much love there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just really beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's the pain of being human. We don't get to buy a house.
Gwenevere Abriel: As they pull away from us.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's scary. But that's the flip side of love. We don't get to skip over it. And so I'm not going to say to you that there's something wrong or broken about what you're feeling right now. I don't. That's the cost of loving deeply
Gwenevere Abriel: And it doesn't mean there's anything wrong with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's nothing wrong. And it turns out you just love your son like a crazy person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
It's a good thing.
Nadine Quintana: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. So what. Okay. Yes. The story was like, how did we get to here, we can look at that, when we have fresh minds and we've rested and there's time to reflect on that. There's no urgency here. There's no urgency, everything is okay. It's okay, he's safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe doing extra piece that feels extra nurturing for you and for your kids, something that feels good, maybe around food, maybe about just an extra little piece that really honors. This is not a regular day. This is a hard one. This is
Gwenevere Abriel: An extra layer of niceness and kindness, whether it's a treat or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is the time to kind of indulge a little bit, you know,
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And keeping in your heart and in your mind on price.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can close right there. They don't disappear, just because they're miles away. They stay
Gwenevere Abriel: There if they stay right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want me to
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell Dr brielle that you want to skip group or do you want to go and you welcome to. We weren't, we weren't doing too much. It's up to you.
Nadine Quintana: Dude. Would it be okay if I just get to the one
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just let her know
Nadine Quintana: So the only thing is, I don't know if I have to.
Nadine Quintana: Show up because I don't I'm gonna need man's because she just gives them to me every week.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay, you're here today. I'll just tell her all messaged her
Gwenevere Abriel: Because she I think she's probably in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's already got a zoom room created. So I'll just go in and punch what you want me to tell her.
Nadine Quintana: You know, just that I need. I'm going to need a script and that if it's, you know, I would like to just stay where I'm at, just for, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You need anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need anything else like support medicine.
Nadine Quintana: No, I have I have enough for those. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you feeling
Nadine Quintana: I feel you make a lot better. I noticed when we
Nadine Quintana: First I talkie and I was holding my breath a lot
Nadine Quintana: And I I'm noticing that that's kind of going away like I'm still, I noticed I'm still kind of doing it, but I'm
Nadine Quintana: Remembering to breathe. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what would it be like for you to do the belly breathing. Do the box breathing with fidelity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't we do a couple of those just real quick. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoulders back
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of allow gravity to to take hold, or maybe weren't attending to it before, just notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe let's his shoulders up and let them draw and just notice that gravity is pulling those shoulders down.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's pulling your seat bones to your seat.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's keeping you connected to this earth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not something we typically think about, but there it is consistently holding you to the center of this planet.
Gwenevere Abriel: The power powerful force.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't notice that it wavers it's reliable and consistent
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel that weight.
Gwenevere Abriel: As it pulls consistently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Smoothly
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself a nice exhale as we begin
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's have an inhale through the nose for four seconds 124 and let's hold it in that belly for 321 and exhale out the mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold it out for 321 an inhale as expanding a balloon in your belly. Get all the air at the bottom good and hold it there for 321 let it all out your mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: I saw saw saw saw flat tummy, tummy and let's deflate that balloon good and hold that air out from just another moment. And let's inhale through the nose, feel the air come in nice and cool expanding that lower long and hold it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's exhale out the mouth, pushing it all out deflate the balloon. Flat. Flat. Flat. Flat. Flat. Flat. Flat belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel that good, all of it out, it stays out. Nothing, nothing. And let's inhale through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold 321 exhale out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What a southern skin feels under the rope as that. Tell me five. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: fat belly fat belly. Nothing there and let's inhale through the nose. Get that Buddha belly, Tommy, nice and round. Just like a little baby huh
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And then let's exhale it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: slowest one yet. Nice and slow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold, hold, when you re breathing in through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. Let's hold it there for 321 exhale. Last one, make this one last an eternity slowest breath exhale it all out slowly really extend that make it the longest exhale you've ever had, nice and slow really control deflating that balloon every bit of air ever so slowly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And return to your natural breath just pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: To any change in sensation in the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any shifting
Gwenevere Abriel: And see how you're doing.
Nadine Quintana: I know this. I don't have like
Nadine Quintana: I'm not in my chest. I
Nadine Quintana: Built up feel even anymore.
Nadine Quintana: Okay, feel. I don't know how you feel. See the best word that comes to mind as like empty.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, there's no heavy. There's no type
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and is your mind sort of open to this idea of just doing a very short list of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: There might be washing face there might be making okay I'm gonna make it. I'm gonna write down. I'm going to make a decision about where I'm going to get the food.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then maybe something special to really honor that something important is happening. Just a little icing on the cake of of this is an important event going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean it's not an everyday thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know the kids feel it too. And it's the sort of not letting them go crazy. We can acknowledge that and say let's do this thing. Let's all have, you know, breakfast for dinner or whatever you guys decide to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Something on intentional about it to honor that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you can make a little joke with Andre Slater and say, yeah, we did this thing and you know we kind of want to do
Gwenevere Abriel: It. So then we brought out you know your favorite shirt and we put it over the chair. I don't know what you want to do, but
Gwenevere Abriel: There can be
Gwenevere Abriel: That can be played. It's okay to play.
He's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And some new things I think are about to happen or in your family dynamic and I'm excited for you. It could be pretty cool.
Nadine Quintana: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: One get sleep.
Nadine Quintana: I'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Reach out to you by text also just to see how you're doing. You can be as brief for as much detail as you want but that's about it. I'm just going to kind of say, Hey, how are you doing, maybe tomorrow or the next day just to check in on you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if
Nadine Quintana: You think that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know and we'll meet again.
Nadine Quintana: Okay, thank you. Glenn this really, really helped me
Gwenevere Abriel: You're so welcome. I'm glad I happen to be free, that really worked out.
Nadine Quintana: I mean, no.
Thank you.
I hope
Nadine Quintana: By going